Adding alternative subtree update instructions. (#745)
ros2/ci: ros2_batch_job/vendor/README.md

$ git remote -v
```

2. If the upstream (e.g. `https://github.com/osrf/osrf_pycommon.git`) is already remote use that remote name. Otherwise add it as a remote like so (using `osrf_pycommon` as an example):

```
$ git remote add osrf_pycommon_upstream https://github.com/osrf/osrf_pycommon.git
```

3. Now run the update command:

```
$ git subtree pull -P ros2_batch_job/vendor/osrf_pycommon --squash osrf_pycommon_upstream master
```

##### When the subtree update fails

When running `git subtree pull` git looks for a commit history in the form of:

```
    git-subtree-dir: ros2_batch_job/vendor/osrf_pycommon
    git-subtree-split: <commit-hash>
```

> This can fail for many reasons and if it does it wont udpate the git tree.
> One easy alternative is to remove an re-add the subtree but this is not great
> and laeaves the git subtree history a bit fuzzy. An alternative is to manually
> create the squash merge and add the corresponding commit information so future 
> runs of `git subtree pull` can find it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can fail for many reasons and if it does it won't update the git tree.
One easy alternative is to remove and re-add the subtree but this is not great
and leaves the git subtree history a bit fuzzy.
An alternative is to manually create the squash merge and add the corresponding
commit information so future runs of `git subtree pull` can find it.
```

1. From the root of the git repository run:

```
$ git remote -v
```

2. If the upstream (e.g. `https://github.com/osrf/osrf_pycommon.git`) is already
remote use that remote name. Otherwise add it as a remote like so (using
`osrf_pycommon_upstream` as an example):

```
$ git remote add osrf_pycommon_upstream https://github.com/osrf/osrf_pycommon.git
```

3. Create a branch with the contents of the core repository's branch that you want to update (i.e. master):

```
$ git branch osrf_pycommon_subtreee osrf_pycommon_upstream/master
```

4. Update the core subtree:

```
$ git merge --squash -s subtree --allow-unrelated-histories --no-commit osrf_pycommon_subtreee
```

5. Commit the updates to the subtree:

```
$ git commit -s -m 'Update core subtree to <latest-subtree-commit-short-hash>.' -m 'git-subtree-dir: ros2_batch_job/vendor/osrf_pycommon' -m 'git-subtree-split: <latest-subtree-commit-hash>'
```

You can make sure future runs of `git subtree pull` will be able to find the commit by

> running an the command yourself:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running the command yourself:
```
